#labels Featured
= Development Introduction =

Personal Pokemon (PPokemon) is currently in Active Development.  This means that not all of the planned features are fully developed yet.  PPokemon is on a quarterly development schedule.  If you are interested in participating in this project email joesox.  I am interested in someone taking the lead in this project.

== Project Background and Mission Statement ==
This project was started just because I couldn't find a Pokemon Solitare game. My son got me in to Pokemon and the Trading Card Game.  I discovered the existing Pokedex on the Pokemon website was for personal use so I designed the application for personal use in order to utilize the information avialable.  
I quickly designed the project and I would like to seperate some parts of it in to their own dlls for easier development and patching/upgrades.

== Developer Standards ==
We ask that all developers use the following guidelines to ensure stable versions and not break any versions of PPokemon.


=== SLMIV Development:===
  # Work with a copy of the latest version PPokemonVisual Studio project.
  # Thoroughly test your working copy.
  # Repeat step 1 - 3 until no bugs.
  # Commit changes.
  # Update issue trackers.
  # If needed, make sure joesox updates PPokemon websites with current documentation

== Development Schedule ==
[http://www.google.com/calendar/render?cid=rio8j5ilmqnd1rgunlhedeq3mc%40group.calendar.google.com http://www.google.com/calendar/images/ext/gc_button1_en.gif]

||DATE||PLANNED||
||01-01-2008 11:59pm||End of active development||
||02-15-2008 12:00am||Start of active development. Work on issues||
||02-17-2008 11:59pm||End of active development.|| 